added docs seo tags for pages (#105)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/sdk/Energy.md

---
id: energy
title: Energy

> description: Subsocial Energy module allows you to burn SUB tokens to get energy for more social interactions and can be used to sponsor transactions for your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Subsocial's Energy module allows you to burn SUB tokens to create energy. You can use energy to sponsor transactions for your users, and lower transaction fees.
```
